hey where's of guys that can all do
lives alone of mail time with zech so if
you want to send in your mail here is
the address p.o box you can send it to
send in the name of John Maureen or
zexyzek or just zech any three will work
so let's get right into it with our
first piece of mail unfortunately it is
our only piece of mail so we got one
mail this week please send in your
letters or drawings or packages or
anything to get featured on this show
every Tuesday so let's see this is from
Kevin C in Ohio awesome so so this is my
first fan mail I've ever gotten through
the mail system hopefully it's a good
thing not a bad thing and yes every
piece of mail that I do get will be
shown on this channel okay cool it looks
like we have asked you may skew few
pieces of paper to look through so in
one out of time okay um oh okay this is
very very long letter okay there let me
see what's in the other one just in case
I'm supposed to redo one first oh great
the other one is an amazing drawing that
will go over on my wall and now on
actually it's going to go right up here
so every time I record an awesome
episode of mail time with zech you'll be
able to see every drawing that people
have sent me so this will be the first
one on the wall at the end of the
episode I'll tape it on it'll be awesome
so let's get to the letter okay
dear Zack I am a big fan of you and your
vids my favorite stuff is your trolling
those are always funny i also like how
you do a variety instead of just mods or
just trolling you do mods drawing
tutorials parodies and things like
checking in trouble in mineville you
even ask what we the fans want I
appreciate what you try or how you try
not to curse a lot your new shirts are
awesome I really want one the looks are
really cool you and CaptainSparklez are
my favorite youtubers I went on your
server and it was really cool but is
everything supposed to look all blown up
everywhere I like to draw and play with
Legos I have a channel with a bunch of
stop-motion viz some our LEGO Minecraft
it's k b or c kb c lego for i would
really oh by the way uh this is channel
you can go check it out he's a
first-hand male make sure you go
subscribe he sent me a entry from my
christmas contest and it was actually
pretty good so I appreciate that um I
would really appreciate if you watched
them sometime sincerely KBC Lego for PS
i didn't i didn't know if i should put
my real name on the actual letter so i
put my youtube username PPS its PSS
family but previous you're awesome keep
making cool videos thank you you are a
winner I didn't mean to drop that but
thank you for sending in fan mail I'm
going to take this to my wall as soon as
I go get some tape but yeah go check him
out his poop outside and to do right
here go check out his channel and here's
his drawing so thank you feeling in fan
mail and if you guys don't know what to
send me just send a letter in a drawing
or if you want to send me one of my own
t-shirts that would be awesome or just
send me anything you can find around
your house that you wouldn't mind
sending so I'm gonna go get some tape
and we'll put it up on the wall so yeah
let's go
oh ok I got some tape and I was thinking
and why not just put the letter and it
down there ok I'm sorry awesome mom and
posted ok this is coming off the wall
put this down over here and let's take
these ok that's in tight um get this
tape I will not be showing me taping
every piece of art I get onto the wall
but I will definitely pray it all on
there so this is the first piece though
it's an exception I'm really bad at a
pig stuff tape is on I don't know if you
can see it not really well first piece
of art on the wall and now for the fan
letter I'm so thankfully and epically
sent in by really the tape broke how its
tape it broke in the dispenser no oh god
it's all tangled up tape freaking tape
so thank you guys watching if you
enjoyed please leave a thumbs up you can
send me fan mail at this address so
we'll go send in your fan mail now also
being boss on my t-shirts at zexyzek
spreadshirt com this tape is a real pain
got it ok now i have tape all over my
fingers
and finally put the tape onto here and
put it kind of behind the drawing first
two pieces of fan mail are on the wall
so hopefully this wall gets full pretty
quickly so make sure you send it into
the address it's also in the description
below send it to the name of John Warren
or zech thing as watching if you enjoyed
please leave a thumbs up and as always
stay sexy see yes